Update and reword docs (#305)
AndreaPontrandolfo/sheriff: apps/docs-website/docs/core-philosophy/criteria.md

# Criteria

This library is very opinionated, but for the better. A lot of decisions were taken so you don't have to.<br />
You can now quickstart static analysis in all your TypeScript projects with ease.<br />
Just type `npm init @sherifforg/config` in a CLI and you are good to go.

Ease of use without compromises is the top priority of Sheriff. The basic principle behind many design decisions of Sheriff is to require as less inputs from the user as possible.<br />
You can think of Sheriff like Prettier. It’s a tool that comes battery-packed with optimal defaults. It removes configuration decisions from the equation, so you or your team can focus on developing the actual product.<br />
If you disagree with something, you can easily override it, and you can extend it just as easily. See: [configuration](../configuration.mdx).

> This config is particularly useful for big teams with developers of various skill levels.<br />

Reviewer: 👍

> Sheriff was made to prevent all kind of mistakes and to align teams stylistically. It is battle-tested in real-world scenarios and shines especially in such.<br />

Reviewer: 👎

Author: What if I omit `stylistically`? "aligning on the playing field" isn't really an applicable metaphor here.

Author: I came up with this:

```suggestion
Sheriff was made to prevent all kinds of mistakes by aligning teams. It is battle-tested in real-world scenarios and shines especially in such.<br />
```

Reviewer: > "aligning on the playing field" isn't really an applicable metaphor here.

Why not? I like it

Author: ChatGPT agrees with you, so I'll quit pushing this one. It alludes to the metaphor of "evening the playing field", but apparently "aligning the playing field" is slightly different.

Reviewer: i think the only correct fix here is kind > kinds

> Also, Sheriff targets pretty much everybody. Junior developers can learn a lot by using it, and lead developers can save a lot of time on configuration and maintenance.

Reviewer: targets 👍
lead 👎

Author: Lead isn't a proper noun, it shouldn't be capitalized.

Reviewer: lowercase can be confused with the verb. In this context it has the meaning of "Leaders"

Author: And uppercase can be confused with the verb as well... if you're concerned about confusing, perhaps use "leaders" or "team leads" or something else, but capitalizing it isn't a solution.

Reviewer: But it is a used as a "company role" here. I think "Team Leads" should be the clearer option here

> Sheriff doesn’t aim to include every single ESLint plugin in existence. The ESLint plugins that qualify for inclusion in Sheriff are usually the ones that would benefit the community the most and that would be tricky to manually integrate with the rest of the config.

Reviewer: 👍
